Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
FATHER PILÓN ESTABLISHES HEPTA GROUP.
"THE DEAD DON'T TALK"
GLORIA PALOMEQUE
SEER AND PHARMACIST. MEMBER OF HEPTA.
THE HEPTA GROUP REPORTS
PARANORMAL EVENTS AT THE VERGARA PALACE
PARANORMAL INVESTIGATION CASES
INSPIRED BY REAL EVENTS
"PHENOMENA AT THE PALACE"
PHENOMENA
Excuse me. Thank you.
Father. it's been a long time.
We thought you had died.
No. don't worry. son.
If I die. I'll send you a sign.
-God forbid.
-Let's go back there.
So. black or with milk?
Make the first one black.
Has anyone else shown up?
You're the first. Father.
Thank you. son.
Edward Witten's M-theory…
NEW HORIZONS IN THEORETICAL PHYSICS
…has its origin in string theory.
according to which all particles are--
Man. I'm not getting any of this.
I promised the Cambridge professors
we'd take them to eat tripe tonight.
Tripe for dinner?
What do you expect? They're English.
No. I have a meeting tonight and--
See you in 20 minutes.
We will resume next week.
Wait! Don't erase it. Hold on.
Are you interested in an internship?
-Coffee with milk. in a glass. of course.
-In a mug. it's a cardinal sin. son.
And your water.
-Thank you.
-You're welcome.
-It has nothing to do with religion--
-I'm sorry. I had a small problem.
-Hello.
-This is Pablo Marimón.
-He only believes in science.
-I'm Gerardo Plana's student. A pleasure.
Great. He flakes
and sends us a skeptic. Wonderful.
No. I'm very interested in parapsychology
from a scientific standpoint. of course.
but I've read all your books
and listen to your show every week. ma'am.
-Every Saturday?
-Indeed.
You should be partying Saturday nights.
You're only in your twenties once.
And that's the last time
you call me "ma'am." Is that clear?
-Yes. madam.
-Good.
Lime blossom tea. Double.
Just how you like it.
Here. take the glass away.
What's wrong?
He tried to contact me.
A picture of him fell.
and the room was very cold.
How long will you let the past
rob you of the present?
Well. where are those two?
Look. I'll bet my tea
that Paz cancels because of her grandkids.
The eyes of a toad. the legs of a frog…
Grandma will catch you and eat your face!
Hold on.
Leave me be. Leave Grammy be.
Leave Grammy be.
What is it. honey?
It's getting late.
and you want them to stay for dinner.
Because I'm a psychic. of course.
And what should I do?
Leave them here alone?
Fine.
Give 'em an inch. and they'll take a mile.
Quiet. Grammy can't hear!
-Up!
-Right.
What was that? No. you sweep.
-Okay. bye.
-See you later.
Father…
you owe me this tea.
Well…
With my first paycheck.
I'm going to buy one of these.
Didn't Gerardo tell you
that our work is altruistic?
If not for money. why do you do it?
To help those in need.
That's the best form of compensation.
And you. ma'am?
No. sorry.
Why did you join the group?
Carlos liked everything
related to the paranormal.
so we agreed that when one of us died.
we'd do the same as Houdini.
Houdini?
He promised his wife that if there was
an afterlife. he'd return to tell her.
-How?
-He invented a code.
Ten words that only he and his wife knew.
When Houdini died. his wife visited
many mediums but was never successful.
Of course.
You can't waste your life chasing a ghost.
-Okay. So tell us what this is about.
-Oh. right.
It's an antique shop. It's near here.
-And this?
-That's from ten years ago.
He never confessed.
but two neighbors witnessed everything.
A violent death.
A few days ago. the shop owner called me.
He was very agitated.
It was nothing out of the ordinary.
Noises. furniture moving by itself…
If it's the usual story.
what's the urgency?
Because when I swung the pendulum
over the floor plan of the antique shop.
it flew out of my hand.
Civil servant. anthropologist.
psychologist. and a PhD in Paris.
Sure thing.
You also own a pharmacy. don't you?
You must find a civil servant
the most boring thing in the world.
I long for a boring life.
You're so beautiful.
you must have many suitors.
You don't look so bad yourself.
And you haven't had
a girlfriend since your wife died?
-I'm single.
-Death is part of life.
I told you I'm single.
That's what the agency's file says.
My mistake. I'm sorry.
You do look familiar.
-I've seen you on TV.
-No.
-You're that psychic!
-Yes. but it's fine.
-This is so creepy.
-No. besides. I'm quitting.
I'm going to just focus exclusively
on my pharmacy.
I'm going to become a pharmacist.
Excuse me. Gloria called.
She's not feeling well.
Well. whatever. Let's go home.
I get off work in half an hour.
If you feel like it.
we could go for a drink…
Me? No. I can't.
Right.
Okay. of course. No problem.
Change seasons. or there will be no end
to the winter that lives in your heart.
-The Bible. right?
-A song by Alaska y Dinarama.
So. we're not going ghost hunting?
It'd be a waste of time without her.
TEMPLE AUCTION HOUSE
SUPERINTENDENT
Coming!
Coming.
ANTIQUE SHOP
One moment.
-Good evening. Hello.
-Hello.
I came to…
Oh. yes. they left a while ago.
I'll come back another day.
They close earlier each day. you know?
Since there are no customers…
This morning one of them ran out of here.
Looked like the police were chasing him.
The poor man peed himself.
Have you been the super for a while?
My husband and I came here
when we were very young.
-Don't you know what happened here?
-You mean the murder.
Yes. The man they killed was
my husband. Poor thing.
And I was left alone with our daughter.
-I'm sorry for your loss.
-Well…
If you want. I have the keys to that door.
-If it's okay with you…
-I trust you. sir. You're a priest.
I see you a lot on TV.
If you don't mind. leave the keys here
in the super's mailbox when you're done.
-Don't worry. Thanks.
-God bless you.
In the mid-1980s. Pilón formed
an interdisciplinary research group
to study all kinds
of paranormal phenomena.
…"medium" because it is a concept
that combines the other two.
which are clairvoyance. the ability
to see across time. and telepathy.
Four minutes is the limit
that I can do an incorporation for.
It's the limit because if she goes longer.
she risks not coming back.
Yes. because when she goes into a trance.
the spirit of the deceased occupies
Gloria's body.
-Luckily. they're always peaceful.
-And polite too.
One of the most popular cases
was that of the Vergara Palace.
which made headlines at the time.
The EVPs found there
became famous all over the country.
Tell them about Vergara.
Why not. right?
Sorry. cut. I'm sorry. Just a moment.
Listen carefully at home
to the following audio clip.
I only need three.
There was an abnormal reaction
that we verified with all our instruments.
And our medium. Gloria…
Is it true she was unconscious
for several minutes?
Let's just say it was a very tough case.
Well. we wish Father Pilón
a speedy recovery.
who. by the way.
has not visited us for a long time.
And now the weather forecast
for this weekend.
Heavy thunderstorms are expected
throughout the Iberian Peninsula…
These people…
They're already sending him to the grave.
They had to talk about the Vergara Palace.
Hello.
How is he?
There must have been something serious
in there for him to end up like this.
Please! He drank ten coffees a day
and never slept more than three hours.
No. yesterday he looked fine.
Health is not valued till sickness comes.
Why did you let him go alone?
Well. at least I was at the meeting.
What. a person can't get sick anymore?
-Sick?
-Yes. sick.
Did you say "sick"?
-Yes.
-Yes. of course. sick.
Why didn't he follow protocol?
We investigate as a team.
He said he had a hunch and was worried.
And he was in a hurry. You know him.
But he never said
he was going to go alone.
At no point. Why?
-What are you making?
-A blanket to keep him warm.
What's going on here?
Only one visitor is allowed.
Is that so?
Well. this place is full of people.
And there's a lady who says
she's going to sue you for negligence.
No one here is a patient of mine.
She says she came here
with a tumor the size of a potato.
and you prescribed her a laxative.
Poor thing. She died two days later.
Everybody out. come on!
-Now! Get out! Get your things.
-Easy.
-Can I finish this row?
-Do it outside! Come on!
You have to be strong. my child.
Why?
The ball. I left it behind.
What?
We need to find out what happened.
TOBACCO SHOP
-Where's Gerardo?
-He stayed with Father Pilón.
Hi. How are you?
Close it. damn it. We're getting wet.
What happened is not normal.
Oh. please. Let's not get carried away.
He's old and smokes like a chimney.
Let's stick to the protocol
and see what we find.
What protocol?
When investigating paranormal phenomena.
you must first rule out normal phenomena.
Sure. that's why you have to check to see
if the conditions are considered normal.
The phenomenon can't be something
the laws of physics can explain.
And that's where you
and your little gadgets come in.
Most of the time.
when something inexplicable happens.
it's because there's an entity
trapped in the interphase.
Wait a minute.
The brain is the neuroanatomical substrate
that houses consciousness.
When it stops working. there is
no consciousness at all. obviously.
I love this kid.
This one is Gerardo's. Take it.
Open it.
In the 16th century.
there was a rectory on this land.
In 1538. there was a fire.
There was absolutely nothing left.
and the land was bought
by an Italian merchant.
He built a house
that stayed in his family for centuries.
In 1989. the basement tenant
killed a neighbor with a hammer.
Holy Jesus!
If he got stuck in the interphase.
he must've been in a very bad mood.
In the interphase. sure.
Don't worry.
Most of the time.
these phenomena are poltergeists
caused by people who live in the house.
-The dead aren't violent.
-The violent ones are the living.
They throw things.
but we've never been hit.
They only do it to get attention.
Whatever happens. stay calm.
Look. if you're lucky enough
to see Gloria contact one of them.
your mind will open in no time.
Seeing her in a trance is quite the show.
-Was that a compliment?
-Trances do you well.
Stop! It's here!
Damn it.
Look at this rain.
Unbelievable.
-Is that okay?
-Incredible!
THEATER
-Hey. do you smoke?
-No.
Youngsters are so boring!
Come on. let's go.
Nice to meet you.
I'm Enrique. This is my wife. Marisa.
-Hello. a pleasure. I'm Sagrario.
-Hello.
-Yes. Ruiz de Carvajal. I know you.
-Of course.
Wow. it's Palomeque. Unbelievable!
Being a clairvoyant must be amazing!
I prefer to call myself a "medium."
-"Medium." that's beautiful.
-This is Paz.
I don't know you.
Of course not. I do the audiovisual work.
Sure.
-This is Pablo. our physicist.
-Hi.
-Nice to meet you.
-You too.
-You're young for a physicist. aren't you?
-Yes. I'm still studying.
Sagrario. excuse me. I mean.
excuse me. ma'am. How's Father Pilón?
-Very bad. He's still in the hospital.
-Poor man…
-Poor man. What a shock.
-Yes.
Well. to be honest. when I saw him.
I was very excited.
Excited?
Yes. I'm a big fan of his.
It's called "alopecia areata."
He lost both eyebrows suddenly.
From stress.
I draw them on.
but he says he looks like La Veneno.
-Shall we go in and talk specifics?
-Sure.
Your hands are full.
and you're getting wet. Come in.
At least. you know…
-Got everything?
-Can I help you?
Hello.
What's your name. sweetheart?
Cheer up.
There's no beauty without happiness.
-Who made these pretty pompoms for you?
-Susanita. don't bother the nice people.
She's not bothering anyone.
Hello. Can I make you
a cup of coffee or something?
-I've made some delicious torrijas. No?
-No. we're fine. really.
-Thanks very much.
-Let's go.
The super. she's being too kind.
This way. please.
Thank you. Chimichurri.
When we moved in.
we started to hear strange noises.
Nothing unusual. This is an antique shop.
It's full of antique furniture.
That's what I said at the beginning.
Look.
See that candelabra?
One day it lit itself.
Yes. sometimes contact
with air or water is more than enough
to cause spontaneous combustion.
It wouldn't be the first time.
When there's paranormal activity.
the temperature drops considerably. right?
Sure. And when you don't turn on
the heater too. right?
-It costs a fortune to heat this place.
-Let's see. Just a moment.
We don't charge a penny.
In the spirit dimension.
energy vibrations are higher than in ours.
They use a lot of energy
when they come down here.
Thermal energy.
That's why the temperature drops.
-Cold.
-They absorb heat.
-Sure.
-I don't believe in ghosts.
But… what's going on here is not normal.
Okay. there's an explanation
for everything.
Yes. I used to think like you. but…
Will you excuse me for a moment?
It fell on top of this sculpture.
which was sold and ready to be packed.
-And the mirror remained intact.
-Fascinating. right?
Landlords often do these things
to kick tenants out.
-We own the shop.
-Really?
-Yes.
Well. I wasn't aware of that.
-We bought it two months ago.
-We're up to our eyebrows in debt.
Don't worry.
We'll find out what's going on here.
Well. I don't sense anything.
Aside from
a terrible smell…
-He suffers from hyperhidrosis.
-Hyper what?
Hyperhidrosis.
abnormal and excessive sweating.
There's a lot going on…
-Let's take the measurements. Pablo?
-Yes.
-He'll measure the magnetic field.
-I know how it works. Right. Chimichurri?
I'm a fan of Jiménez del Oso.
-And I listen to your show every week.
-Mine?
Congratulations. you have two listeners.
Her and your cousin.
Very funny.
Now I'm going to ask you
for a moment of silence. please.
-All ready. Let's go.
-Gloria.
Here I go.
This…
This is clean. Better luck next time.
-What's the matter with you?
-It's clean. and I have dinner plans.
-It's clean because of your dinner plans.
-No!
Father Pilón had an intuition.
and look how he ended up.
Father Pilón had a stroke. that's all.
Things happen in life
that have no supernatural explanation.
I don't know why it bothers you so much.
Why? Haven't you heard
what's going on here? Come on!
But have you seen
how nervous the owner is?
You're so sure about it.
I am sure it's his unbridled mind
that causes everything.
Have a look at this.
This doll appeared
just like that. suddenly.
We found it there. Come with me.
In that room.
Like this.
With no body.
No. I'm leaving.
Father Pilón would never abandon
someone who needed help.
Do what you want.
She is so manipulative.
May I take some samples?
-Of course. whatever you need.
-Thank you.
-We'd never seen it before.
-No!
With all the stuff you have here--
Gloria will get her ball
and tell us if anything else is going on.
-Her ball?
-Great!
As the lady commands.
Gloria uses the ball
as a bridge between their world and ours.
-Holy shit.
-Ready. Gloria?
After Paz's rally driving.
I must've dropped it in the van.
You can walk home.
It's great weather for ducks.
-I'll take your keys.
-Many things disappear here.
It's true. The account book.
the keys. an embalmed glass eye…
I'll be right back.
-All kinds of objects.
-Yes.
I bet my earrings the ball is in her bag.
I have it!
I have it.
It was in my bag.
Well. let's continue. Silence.
Was that you?
Me? No.
Okay. whenever someone makes a noise.
raise your hand and say. "It was me."
Gloria. this isn't
one of your jokes. is it?
I have a date.
Do you remember what that is?
It's what you do right before--
Fuck.
It's coming from there. Yes.
Film it. Paz.
It came from here. yes.
Water stains.
And we thought "Chimichurri" was bad…
Well. this is normal. There can be leaks
in the plumbing in these buildings.
This… wasn't like this before.
-What did you say?
-Why would you notice?
No. Enrique takes pictures before we leave
to make sure
it's all the same the next day.
It can't be.
What is it?
NOVEMBER 21. 1998
Of course.
-And not even six people could move this.
-No.
Do you think it could be a psi field?
Elohim?
Geoecia. heloclasty. pandemonium?
Or just a Kamparupa?
-Marisa.
-What?
-Calm down.
-Look.
This is where I found Father Pilón.
Sprawled out…
Right here?
It's no coincidence.
One moment. please.
Wow. that's amazing.
Let me through. please.
Make it stop. please!
-I already sold it.
-Wow. that's amazing.
-That was me.
-Pablo.
Yes. just a sec.
-This is impossible.
-What?
What?
-What is it?
-Look.
It can't be.
-This must be wrong…
-Eighteen?
The normal magnetic field in Madrid is 35.
Don't you suffer from headaches?
Now that you mention it.
I do have a terrible migraine.
Relax. That must be because
there's an iron beam. As soon as--
Or… it could be a gateway.
They come in through there.
Oh my God.
This is a poltergeist caused by someone.
-You think so?
-For God's sake.
The mind cannot move physical objects.
It can't? It's called psychorragy.
It's a spurt of mental energy that acts
on matter in situations of great stress.
And there are quite a few nerves here.
No. don't blame me.
I'll tell you something…
Come on.
-The living didn't cause this.
-Don't underestimate La Veneno.
Enrique? Impossible.
If he can't do simple math.
how could he move things with his mind?
When you say "gateway."
do you mean one end
of a Rosen-Einstein bridge
or a space-time channel…
Honey. I'm not that ugly.
-Paz!
-My camera!
Holy moly!
Good aim.
-Did you film it?
-I think so. It might be broken.
-Pablo. bring a chair for Paz.
-Wow. that was quite the shot!
Here. Paz.
Let's see.
Come and see. Pablo.
Stay calm.
Are you all right? Marisa?
-You're sure you're okay?
-Yes. it missed.
-Well. it could have cut your arm off.
-Well. I'm perfectly fine.
-Did you see how fast it fell?
-They weren't aiming.
What? There's more than one?
Please calm down.
That doesn't do us any good.
Fortune favors the brave.
Specters are like dogs.
They smell fear a mile away.
-Don't say that. Paz!
-Relax.
-Yes. I'm very relaxed.
-Tell me you got something.
Look. here it is.
-Looks like it's been freshly sharpened.
-But didn't you say it didn't hit you?
-Well. I wasn't really hit.
-Marisina. please…
-It was just a warning.
-Yes? Message received. We're leaving.
What? Are you crazy?
Things are just getting interesting.
I'm not feeling well!
Marisa. please take him outside
for five minutes to get some fresh air.
Honey. I'm not that ugly.
Look.
-They were aiming.
-"They"?
Yes. I mean the energies.
Enrique is a very powerful energy source.
-You learn fast.
-Excuse me. Have you seen my ball?
-You are paranormal.
-Last time I saw it was in the other room.
It is a uniformly
accelerated rectilinear motion
modified by gravitation.
I don't know. I would need to calculate.
Could I rewind?
Sure. Wait. I'll do it.
Here. this is yours.
-Has the battery died?
-Get the spare ones.
-What spare ones?
-Very good. kid.
We'll have to plug into
this modern power grid.
You don't need machines to know
that something is going on here.
And it's something very big.
How beautiful.
My first Ouija. So exciting.
Can you take a photo of me?
Don't be a killjoy. Take a photo of me.
-Okay. sit here.
-No. There are already a lot of us.
Look. Ouija is not a game. please.
And it can be dangerous for
emotionally weak people.
-You mean me?
-Not at all.
Sit down. We could use
some masculine energy.
No. thank you.
I'd rather stay there. keeping watch.
I have plenty
of masculine energy to spare.
-Pablo. I'll notice if you cheat.
-You'd better.
I ask for strength…
Look.
So pretty. I love the blouse.
What?
Is this safe?
If you know what you're doing.
Gloria is a phenomenon.
-Two compliments in one day?
-Don't get used to it.
Come on. I have a date.
Hands.
-Marisa. calm down.
-Okay.
Hands.
The other one.
Get it together.
Are you there?
Come on. please.
A minute ago. you weren't that shy.
Watch your tone!
Who are you? We're here to help you.
Well. this is unbelievable.
Can you stay still. please?
Sorry. Of course.
I'm Gloria. You can trust me.
There it is.
I'm glad you're with us.
Tell me who you are.
"Q."
"U."
"I."
"M."
-"I."
-Quimi.
Quimi. do you live here now?
-Yes.
-Marisa. lift your finger.
-Why?
-Lift it.
OUIJA - YES - NO - FAREWELL
-Gloria. I swear I'm not doing anything.
-Now.
You can't leave the room now.
Quimi. are you bothered by our presence?
Are you bothered by Enrique and Marisa?
Quimi. do you want
Enrique and Marisa to leave?
No need to insist that much. is there?
Merde. I won't make it to dinner.
Relax.
It was the rain--
See?
This is not Quimi.
This one is more of a bastard.
Fuck!
Pablo. the flashlight.
-Flashlight.
-Come on!
Next to the tools. Come on.
-Sorry. it was me!
-Light!
-I hit the chair.
-Everyone calm down. okay?
Chimichurri. honey. you scared me.
Are you Enrique?
Holy shit!
We have to hold him. Come on.
Come on.
-Come on.
-I can't!
Come on!
Hold him back!
Hold on tight!
Tighter!
We're too old for this!
Speak for yourself!
-I'm three months younger than you.
-Yeah. sure.
Did you hear that. Paz?
Loud and clear.
Watch out!
Sweet Jesus!
Enriquito! What have they done to you?
Sweetheart!
Are you all okay?
-I think so. You? Yes?
-You okay? I'm fine. Everything okay?
You're welcome.
You shall all be judged.
It can't be.
Are you okay?
-I'm cold.
-I'll warm you up.
Oh. Chimichurri. please…
-My goodness.
-Chimichurri looks pretty rough.
-Enrique!
-Are you okay?
-Yes. Are you all right. Gloria?
-You?
-Yes.
-You sure?
It was amazing.
Don't worry. We'll call you tomorrow.
Take care.
What a rush. huh? I'm like…
This is the first time I've seen Gloria
leave anyone alone at the Ouija board.
-Really?
-Sure.
Because I've never met
anyone like him before.
Listen. Pablo.
As a kid. you always slept
with the light on. didn't you?
Like every other kid. right?
And when you sleep.
does it feel like someone is watching you?
You have to learn to protect yourself.
-Protect myself from what?
-From you. Pablo.
Because this talent you have is a gift.
But you have to control it.
not the other way around.
-You've been of great help. Thank you.
-What? No. I can't leave now. Gloria.
-I mean. I need to know how this ends.
-It would be too dangerous for you.
Then help me. I'm sure you can--
You now have many things to unlearn.
Yes.
And that requires time. Pablo.
Time we don't have right now.
Yes. Gloria. but I can unlearn.
Just as I learn. I can unlearn.
Don't rush this.
This has been the most amazing night
of my life. ladies.
-Watch out. kiddo!
-Sorry.
But seriously. you're fucking awesome.
-Yes. we are.
-Yes.
Be careful.
My whole body hurts.
Well. what's your problem?
I've put cameras
in all the rooms and in the hall.
Let's see if we get something.
What are you doing?
Come on. It's just a knife.
You're such a lowlife.
Where's Sagrario?
She's not doing so well.
Why?
Guess.
I hope she gets over it soon.
Please. what a drag.
Do you have any idea
what might be happening?
No. The truth is I'm a bit lost.
Did you get that on tape?
The lady is lost.
Yes. I'm really confused about this.
What if it was this Quimi
who hammered the neighbor to death?
Impossible.
He said he's here. now. in 1998.
And the crime was ten years ago.
Trust me. There is something wrong here.
Yes. I'm still in shock.
Thank you. The music…
And it has nothing to do
with your deceased husband.
I hate it when you read my mind.
It comes with having a witch friend.
"Friend."
-Are you done?
-Yes.
-Well. let's go for a stiff drink.
-Come on.
Have you seen my ball?
Like a wave. your love came into my life
Like a wave of fire and caresses
The white foam. the murmur of shells
Like a wave…
Thank you.
You really didn't know this place?
The truth is that it's not really
my kind of place. No.
-I don't usually go out at night.
-Sure. your daughter goes out for you.
She should pay you a salary
for all that babysitting.
-If you had children. you'd get it.
-I don't have any. and I get it.
-Sure. you're a saint. not like me.
-You mean me?
Do you feel
this is your kind of place now?
To each their own.
You never get tired of arguing. do you?
Cheers.
-No. What do you want to toast to?
-To Father Pilón.
-Father Pilón.
-Hey! No. You can't toast with water.
-You are so picky!
My father used to say. "Don't trust
someone who only drinks water."
You know what? That explains a lot.
-Gimme.
-No. Paz.
Come on. Once a year won't hurt.
-And once a month can't hurt either.
-Fine.
-Cheers!
-You always persuade me.
-To Father Pilón!
-Father Pilón!
-Sagrario?
-Yes?
Do we know each other?
You're all here. How wonderful.
You saved my life about 20 years ago.
I was a stewardess. I lived in a duplex.
-That's right!
-How wonderful!
How amazing. He didn't want to leave.
He wanted to disinherit his daughter.
who had sold his apartment.
You kept laughing and said.
"How can you disinherit her
if you're already dead?"
And he stood there and said. "No!
I won't leave until I disinherit her."
I don't know what you did.
but it was a miracle.
My son lives there now.
But he was a kid!
He's 32 years old now
and has two children.
Holy Moses!
I'm so glad to see you all!
Likewise.
Have a good time.
-You too.
-Well. all the best.
I saw a light of disenchantment
I was ashamed of my star…
Don Federico. with that gold watch chain.
that frock coat… What a man.
We have seen all types.
The Federico case was just before
the Vergara Palace. right?
Yes. Your Achilles heel.
Well. let sleeping dogs lie.
That day she almost died on the spot.
What was his--
Sarmiento was the name of that bastard!
He had an awful temper.
and he was a priest.
A priest from the Inquisition.
He almost killed Gloria.
Anyway. he left in the end.
Well. that's what we've been told.
But not thanks to you.
That's enough! C'est fini.
Hello. friends. Today I got divorced.
so I'm going to dedicate this song to you.
I fail one case…
One?
You haven't contacted my husband.
No. Please. I beg you. not today.
I'm very tired.
-You couldn't. or you didn't want to?
-How can you be so unfair to me?
We've been trying for years.
You even took me to the car
where you "met" for the first time.
It's true. But I know why
you don't want to contact him.
-Are you a psychic?
-What did I say when I joined?
That my sole purpose
was to find my husband. Carlos.
So. you really think I didn't contact him
so you wouldn't leave the group?
Who got Jiménez del Oso to talk about us?
Who got our cases published in the press?
You're right.
You're the only one
who makes a profit from what we do.
This group wouldn't still exist
if it weren't for me.
-And me!
-It's like I don't exist.
No. you film very well.
You do it phenomenally.
But a paranormal team without a medium
is like hunting without a shotgun.
I work my butt off here every day.
You're only interested in the dead!
You're only interested in the living
so you can prescribe tranquilizers! Right?
Pea. pea. peacock
Pea. pea. peacock…
Ask her. She's leaving us.
She's going to be a pharmacist.
-Did you go through my documents?
-For now. I'm not a mind reader.
Ask her.
Don't you know… what they say?
That whatever you don't do before 50.
you never do?
Well. I have already turned 50.
A few years ago.
Very well. leave us. Whenever you want.
Hey. Gloria. Finish your drink.
We have to know what's going on there.
Thanks. Sagrario.
but I don't need your permission.
Be careful not to end up
like Father Pilón.
Please… Let me through!
-Well…
-She left without paying.
Fantastic. fantastic. fantastic
It's crazy! It's really coming down.
When it rains. it pours.
Oh shit.
You get it. Paz. I'll be right back.
Okay.
The key.
What's going on?
Goodness me!
I'm coming!
Coming.
Hello. good evening. Sorry it's late.
-Oh my.
-We'll clean it up later. don't worry.
-You need to clean up what's in there.
-We're working on it.
What You Need is Love is just finishing.
Can I speak to your daughter?
-No.
-This is hers. right?
-Yes. Please leave my child alone.
-Yes. but--
It's about the case.
We need statements.
-Statements for TV?
-For TV.
I'll talk to her first.
and we'll film it later.
-Come in. I'll lend you a towel.
-Really? Thank you.
Come on in.
-We'll film later. okay?
-Sure.
Oh. my husband. poor thing.
He looked exactly like Bertín Osborne.
Well. she's in her room over there.
She's probably reading. She loves it.
Well. Superpop magazine.
She loves to see photos of celebrities.
She doesn't pay me any attention.
This…
The show's starting. May I?
Susanita. stay with this lady.
She's going to talk to you for a while.
Hello. Isn't it cold? It's really raining.
You're Susanita. right?
That's a cool magazine you're reading.
You have a lot of dolls.
Which is your favorite?
Guitarist Barbie and Lola.
Is that Lola?
She's very pretty.
Is this one yours?
Do you know who did this to your doll?
You like TV.
Well. you know what? I can get you on TV.
But first. you have to help me.
You have to tell me who did this.
Are you afraid? If it was you. it's okay.
No. it wasn't me.
Then who did it?
-I have a boyfriend. He's very handsome.
-Really?
What's his name?
He always says hello. smiles.
and stops to talk to me.
Did he do this to the doll?
Is he here now?
I see him when he's on his way home.
ALCAÑIZ THEATER
-Do you ever talk to him?
-He loves me. He's very handsome.
Yes. he is very handsome.
You're very lucky.
Yes. very. He helps me when they hurt me.
-Does Quimi hurt you?
-No. he's my boyfriend.
And who hurts you. honey?
Honey. you can trust me.
Tell me who's hurting you.
My glasses.
I love your pajamas.
You have to lend me them one day.
Does that hurt?
Does it hurt here?
May I see?
Do you have them anywhere else. honey?
Who did this to you. honey?
Not the girl!
Do you like the rain?
Do you want to go out?
But we can't tell anyone.
It's a secret. Only you and I know.
Come on.
Quietly.
There we go. Give me your hand.
Stay very quiet.
No! What are you doing?
Where are you going. Susanita?
I want my doll.
Listen to me. honey.
We have to get out of here.
Come here.
Coming!
I'm coming!
-Who is it?
-Hello. is Sagrario here?
-Who?
-My coworker.
-She was with me.
-No. there's no one here.
She told me she was coming to see you.
She didn't come.
-How strange. It's…
-Yes.
It's just that it's all flooded in there.
and I need a mop to clean it up.
Until the firefighters come.
Now keep quiet.
I'll get it right back to you.
-Thank you.
Thank you very much.
May I have a glass of water?
Go. run.
It's raining cats and dogs. right?
But the reservoirs will be glad
because water is life.
Could I borrow a towel to dry off a bit?
Well…
I've never been able
to make a good Spanish omelet.
How do you make it?
I'm leaving. Mom.
…who add onion. others don't…
How do you do it?
Do you add onion?
Bye. Mom!
Susanita. get out!
Paz. wake up!
Think of your daughter.
Easy now.
I really can't leave you two alone.
…as soon as I saw the letter.
I said. "This is the man of my life."
Goodbye. Susanita.
Don't worry. The girl will spend
the night in a shelter.
What about the mother?
The mother is coming with us
to the station. Let's see what she says.
-Although she is totally disoriented.
-Thank you.
How are you. Paz?
Fine. I'm fine.
Thank you so much. Thank you too.
Come on.
Let's go.
Are you okay?
Come on. let's go.
I feel like I've been run over by a truck.
You took a good beating.
Well. no one likes a coward.
I hope you listen to me next time.
I told you there was nothing here.
What about Quimi?
He's a character in her favorite series.
and apparently. the lead actor is
doing a play at the theater over there.
She sees him pass her window every night.
That poor girl's suffering
was the key to everything in the end.
-Are you okay to drive. Paz?
-Yes.
The urge I have to see my granddaughters
will take away the pain.
You're such a masochist. for God's sake.
Okay. you phenomenons. let's go.
What?
I've never been so happy to see you.
It's the second time
I saved your life today.
Thanks.
Don't get used to it.
I don't want to be annoying.
but I don't think the song is
a coincidence.
It was the music
from a car commercial. Sagrario.
Merde. The ball.
-Oh no!
-You are kidding. right?
Give me the keys.
There isn't a single muscle
in my body that doesn't hurt.
-Not one piece of cartilage.
-I can't wait to get home.
-A Valium and straight to bed.
-I've never taken any of that stuff.
You don't need it.
You're the most stable of us three.
-And the most boring.
-No.
A conventional life
doesn't seem like a bad plan to me.
I don't know what to tell you.
Do you have a cigarette? I'm out.
Let's see if there's any here.
-No. empty.
-Oh. it's cold.
Let's see if Gloria has any.
I'll check my pockets.
Let's check her purse.
I don't believe it!
Let's go.
Wait! The power is out.
Look.
I sprained my ankle here.
It's here.
-What?
-Look.
Gloria. this isn't funny at all!
Where are you?
Stop hiding. woman! Please.
There!
Come here. Paz! Look. help me.
Let's move the cabinet. Come on.
Okay. come here.
-Okay.
-On three. okay?
-One. two. three.
-This is impossible! It weighs a ton.
-It's not moved an inch.
-My varicose veins are going to burst.
-No! We can do it.
-Right?
-We can.
-We can. You'll see how we can.
-We can. Let's go.
-Okay. again.
-Come on.
-On three. Come on. Paz.
Be strong. Come on.
Breathe. One. two. and three.
-Okay.
-What is this?
The flashlight.
That's disgusting!
It smells like rotten meat.
Sagrario. we are too old for this.
Okay.
Let's go. Be careful.
Gloria's jacket!
Gloria! Are you there?
Come on.
Are you sure?
She saved my life twice.
Yeah. but I don't owe her anything.
What is this place?
Be careful.
Gloria. what are you doing?
What's this?
Toys for your grandchildren.
Don't you dare mention my grandchildren!
What do you want?
Why did you take the mother away?
I enjoyed playing
with her simpleton of a daughter
and with her shouting and din.
What do you need?
Three witches. and here they are.
I can help you.
I just need you to release my friend.
Am I your friend?
Of course you are. silly.
Gloria. I know you can hear me.
You have to get out of there.
-Please!
-You don't have much time.
I have all the time in the world.
What's that?
Harlots who sold their souls to the Devil.
They called themselves witches.
and they were nothing more
than scoundrels.
When they passed through my hands…
their screams deafened
the creaking of their breaking bones.
-We have to wake her up. Sagrario.
-It's very dangerous.
We can't wait any longer!
Okay. You take one side.
I'll take the other.
I only need three.
I have awaited you for an age.
But fear not.
You shall have a fair trial.
One stab is enough to verify that
since she doesn't bleed.
there is no trace of humanity left
in her body.
You shouldn't have left me alone!
-It's Father Pilón!
-No!
-It's him. Let go. Paz. Help us. Father.
-No. Sagrario. It's not him.
-Look at me. You have to help us.
-Listen to me. It's not him.
But that's a good idea.
Gloria. listen to me.
You have to find Father Pilón.
You have to find him! He'll help you!
Look for him!
Hold on. Gloria.
I am not…
strong enough. Father.
Give me your hand.
Come with me.
This is…
The Vergara Palace.
Is Sarmiento the one in that antique shop?
He used me to find you.
I am sorry.
Gloria. you have to face him.
I can't.
I can't. He's much stronger than me.
-Of course you can.
-You have a gift.
I don't want to do this anymore. Father.
You have a gift
and much more power than you can imagine.
He's like you. You can enter into him.
He's like you.
I know.
I can't. I don't want to. Father.
I don't want to!
It is the same process but in reverse.
What will happen to you?
Bring him to me.
-Gloria. I know you can hear me. focus!
-You have to get out. Do you hear me?
Sweetheart. Gloria is not your friend.
No. She has always known where to find me.
He can help us be together forever.
-Can you do that?
-I can do anything!
Sagrario. he's tricking you.
Shut up.
Fleur de lis. we're together at last.
-It's him. My love.
-No.
I've missed your voice. my love.
Didn't you have a code?
Ask him for the code.
I've never stopped looking for you.
The code!
Say the code. you fucking bastard!
Naples.
Tolstoy.
Seventeen.
White.
Mikima.
Nineteen.
No. I don't think it's him.
It can't be him.
Sagrario. it can't be him.
I can't lose him now. Don't you get it?
-Sagrario!
-Let me go!
Gloria. wake up!
Wake up. Gloria!
There's little time. He mustn't beat you.
I am very tired.
You'll have to carry on without me.
-Father. I won't let you go.
-My work is done.
-Now it's your turn. Trust in yourself!
-Gloria!
Gloria! I'm here. Gloria.
You can't abandon me. Carlos. No!
No! Carlos! For God's sake. don't go!
Please don't leave me alone. Carlos!
Get away!
Stay with me!
Sagrario. I'm sorry.
I'm sorry. Sagrario?
Wake up. Gloria!
Gloria. wake up!
Wake up!
I am ready.
No. Father! No. please!
No one can escape their destiny.
including you.
I'm afraid. Father. I can't.
You have to do it!
For you. for them.
for the people who need you.
Bring him to me now!
Gloria! Wake up.
Breathe. It's okay.
Shit!
Gloria. breathe.
I'm okay.
-You're okay?
-What happened to her?
Come on. Get up there.
But we need something durable.
Something durable.
Come on. Let's get her out of here.
Come on.
-Do you have her. Paz?
-Let's go.
One. two. three!
Come on!
Sagrario!
Is she breathing?
Yes.
Come up here.
Keep her out.
Come on.
-There.
-Come on. Gloria.
-Come on.
-Come on. Another one.
Good.
Yes! There she is.
Come on. That's it.
Come on.
-Breathe.
-Do you have…
-There. Come on.
-Careful.
What?
Do you have a cigarette?
Go to sleep. child
Go to sleep now
Grammy will take care of you
Right. off to bed.
I'm having a hot chocolate
with my friends.
Come on. Go to bed. honey.
Bye. sweetie.
Why did your daughter
call you at this hour?
And on my phone?
Well. the little one woke up
and asked for me. She's so sweet.
You put up with so much.
You scared me to death. for God's sake!
Are you okay?
Yes.
-I've come from--
-Father Pilón.
He said goodbye. Paz.
Did you know about it?
What happened here?
We'll tell you over a whiskey.
Here it explains the story of the priest
who lived in the rectory that burned down.
Yes.
I'll have a strong one.
Before he was transferred here.
he lived in the Vergara Palace.
He was relegated to a small parish
and banned from continuing the witch hunt.
but he continued to judge women
because he was obsessed
with surpassing Pierre de Lancre.
who had killed 81 women.
Being beaten by a frog
must have bothered him.
There was a fire
in one of his clandestine trials.
and he burned to death.
He was three witches short
of surpassing De Lancre.
"I only need three."
One. two. and three.
You're goddamn brilliant.
-I've never heard you swear before.
-Me neither.
The occasion demands it.
-Let's toast.
-Did you like it?
-Yes. damn it!
-Damn it!
-You're goddamn brilliant!
-Shut up.
-Thank you. Jesús. my dear.
-Well. to Father Pilón.
-To Father Pilón.
-Father Pilón.
Well. now that Father Pilón is gone.
the group--
Can you see me in a white coat?
You out there
while I'm working nights. No way.
Hey. Jesús.
did you do something to your hair?
-No.
-Well. it suits you better.
-Thanks.
-Right? He looks handsome.
Yes.
I have to go. I have a lot…
Watch out!
Father Pilón's penalty.
FORMED IN 1987 BY FATHER JOSÉ MARÍA PILÓN.
THE HEPTA GROUP HAS BEEN INVESTIGATING
ALL KINDS OF PARANORMAL PHENOMENA
FOR MORE THAN THREE DECADES.
IN MEMORY OF PALOMA NAVARRETE
PHENOMENA
Subtitle translation by: Bridget Ochocka